Skip to content
Library
Tasks
New
Background tasks allow you to get more work done at once.

Try creating your first one!

View documentation

Agent
Hello,.lets do a deep dive into everything so we can literally do all works as needed as u know the previous agent was stopped for daily limit hits now we should do fix everything everywhere as needed as u cna see where his last works plans are and where he left off and the sites deployments and developments and actually fixing perfectly too as the design studio preview 3d option is just meaninglessly shows products fake type and mug print area is not correctly added thats why if image try to adjust then also it not getting is actual type and the photo or the uploaded design which product need to be curved show as per product it should show but must take care every thing is correctly as needed, if u need to rebuilt for it than do but not stop until u done and make the amazing new best ever customize design studio page which have the best solutions and tecs and more updated and best working visually and perfectly + push everything too this : GITHUB_PERSONAL_ACCESS

S4
sam4910
sam4910
15 minutes ago
Investigating current state
I'll do a thorough deep dive into everything — Design Studio 3D preview, mug print area, all the in-progress work, and then push to GitHub. Let me start by exploring the current state of the codebase in parallel.

Let me read the key files in parallel to understand the current implementation deeply.

Let me read the garment3d components and the key parts of DesignStudio.tsx to understand the full picture.

Now let me find the garment3d components and look at the critical DesignStudio parts.

Let me read the rest of garment3d.tsx and key DesignStudio.tsx sections to plan the complete fix.

Now I have a complete picture of the codebase. Let me read the 3D view section of DesignStudio.tsx and check the GitHub remote, then start fixing everything in parallel.

Let me read the DesignStudio 3D view rendering section and then execute all fixes in parallel.

Let me find the 3D viewer rendering code in DesignStudio.tsx, then I'll execute all fixes in parallel.

Let me find the 3D preview rendering section of DesignStudio.tsx and the GitHub push mechanism, then execute all fixes in parallel.

You've reached your monthly free quota limit. It will reset on July 31, 2026.

U should take care about the full website and check e 2 e visually and do compare with similar websites projects so u can do matters on your work developments and make sure u really done everytjing also make sure that all phaes and plans are correctly working too and as u know im not satisfied so do the full satisfaction works as needed. Youre invited to do everything as u know how working and how not and also how showing and how not, where comphrehensive fixments developments needed.

S4
sam4910
sam4910
8 minutes ago
You've reached your monthly free quota limit. It will reset on July 31, 2026.

Guests can't use Agent in Starter Plan user's repls
Agent
Agent can make changes, review its work, and debug itself automatically.
